feat(react-native): live stream components for host and viewer (#1135)
GetStream/stream-video-js: packages/react-native-sdk/docusaurus/docs/reactnative/04-ui-components/livestream/host-livestream.mdx

import OnStartStreamHandler from '../../common-content/ui-components/livestream/host-livestream/on-start-stream-handler.mdx';
import OnEndStreamHandler from '../../common-content/ui-components/livestream/host-livestream/on-end-stream-handler.mdx';

The `HostLivestream` is the UI component that allows you to show the live stream view in the app on the host's end with minimal efforts. So you don't need to take care much about each feature that you need to build a video live stream call screen with this component.

Basically what you can do with the `HostLivestream` is:

- A complete live stream UI with ability to stream host's video.
- Duration of the live stream with live indicator.
- Whether the stream is live and number of participant's watching the stream.
- Media controls to control publish and un-publish stream.

<ImageShowcase
  items={[
    {
      image: HostLivestreamStart,
      caption: 'Host Live Stream Start',
      alt: 'Host Live Stream Start',
    },
    {
      image: HostLivestreamEnd,
      caption: 'Host Live Stream End',
      alt: 'Host Live Stream End',
    },
  ]}
/>

## General usage

Let's see how to show the `HostLivestream` UI:

> ```tsx {13}

Reviewer: ```
tsx {13}
```

instead of 13 can you put `// highlight-next-line` instead.. its the recommended solution from docusaurus for maintainability

Author: Umm, I was asked to use this convention in the past by @vishalnarkhede hence I used this. Not sure which one is better. The other also has a higher LOC effect on code.

Author: Anyways done ✅

import HostLivestreamTopView from '../../common-content/ui-components/livestream/host-livestream/host-livestream-top-view.mdx';
import LivestreamLayout from '../../common-content/ui-components/livestream/livestream-layout.mdx';
import HostLivestreamControls from '../../common-content/ui-components/livestream/host-livestream/host-livestream-controls.mdx';
import DurationBadge from '../../common-content/ui-components/livestream/duration-badge.mdx';
import FollowerCount from '../../common-content/ui-components/livestream/follower-count.mdx';
import LiveIndicator from '../../common-content/ui-components/livestream/live-indicator.mdx';
import HostStartStreamButton from '../../common-content/ui-components/livestream/host-livestream/host-start-stream-button.mdx';
import LiveStreamMediaControls from '../../common-content/ui-components/livestream/livestream-media-controls.mdx';
import OnStartStreamHandler from '../../common-content/ui-components/livestream/host-livestream/on-start-stream-handler.mdx';
import OnEndStreamHandler from '../../common-content/ui-components/livestream/host-livestream/on-end-stream-handler.mdx';

> The `HostLivestream` is the UI component that allows you to show the live stream view in the app on the host's end with minimal efforts. So you don't need to take care much about each feature that you need to build a video live stream call screen with this component.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The `HostLivestream` is the UI component that allows you to show the livestream view in the app on the host's end with minimal efforts. So you don't need to take care much about each feature that you need to build a video livestream call screen with this component.
```

Reviewer 2: livestream is a single word afaik. Please correct the same in all other instances as well, unless you disagree :)

Author: Done ✅

Basically what you can do with the `HostLivestream` is:

- A complete live stream UI with ability to stream host's video.
- Duration of the live stream with live indicator.
- Whether the stream is live and number of participant's watching the stream.

> - Media controls to control publish and un-publish stream.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Media controls to start and end livestream.
```

Author: Done ✅

> Basically what you can do with the `HostLivestream` is:
> 
> - A complete livestream UI with ability to stream host's video.
> - Duration of the livestream with live indicator.
> - Whether the stream is live and number of participant's watching the stream.
> - Buttons to start and end the livestream and media control buttons to control publish and un-publish stream.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`HostLivestream` offers following features:

- A fully-fledged livestream user interface, complete with the capability to host and stream video content.
- Real-time display of the livestream's duration, along with a live indicator.
- An indication of whether the stream is currently live, and a count of the number of participants who are actively watching the stream.
- Buttons to start and end the livestream and media control buttons to control publish and un-publish stream.
```

Author: Fixed for both host and viewer ✅
